DOC: improve multi-version docs (#219)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/documenting.rst

------------------------------------
With the release of `pyansys/actions@v2
<https://actions.docs.pyansys.com/release/2.0/index.html>`_, projects can
benefit from multi-version documentation. Projects taking advantage of this
feature need to apply different configurations according to their level of
maturity.

Follow these steps to enable multi-version documentation in your project:

- Use ``ansys-sphinx-theme>=0.8`` for building the documentation in your project.
- Include the following lines in :ref:`The \`\`conf.py\`\` file`:

  .. code-block:: python
  
      import os
  
      from ansys_sphinx_theme import get_version_match
  
  
      cname = os.getenv("DOCUMENTATION_CNAME", "<DEFAULT_CNAME>")
      """The canonical name of the webpage hosting the documentation."""
  
      html_theme_options = {
          "switcher": {
              "json_url": f"https://{cname}/release/versions.json",
              "version_match": get_version_match(__version__),
          },
          "navbar_end": ["version-switcher", "theme-switcher", "navbar-icon-links"],
          ...
      }
  
  
  .. admonition:: About the ``DCOUMENTATION_CNAME`` environment variable
  

>       The ``DOCUMENTATION_CNAME`` environmental variable is expected to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The ``DOCUMENTATION_CNAME`` environment variable is expected to be
```

      declared in the YML file controlling the deployment of the documentation.

>       The idea is that the canonical name (CNAME) is only define in a single

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The idea is that the canonical name (CNAME) is only defined in a single
```

      place, so it can be easily changed if required.

- Create a ``gh-pages`` branch in the repository of your project.

- Create a ``release/`` directory and a ``versions.json`` containing:

  .. code-block:: json
  
      [
        {
          "version": "dev",
          "url": "https://<cname>/dev"
        }
      ]

- Enable documentation deployment for development and stable versions, see
  :ref:`Deploying documentation`.

> With all previous configuration, your project is ready to use multi-version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all the previous configuration, your project is ready to use multi-version
```

documentation in an automated way. This means that, every time you release a
new version, it will be added to the drop-down button in the documentation page
of the project.

.. admonition:: Controlling the desired amount of versions showing up in the drop-down

>     Only the development together with the latest three stable versions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Only the development branch together with the latest three stable versions are
```

>     Only the development together with the latest three stable versions are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Only the development and the latest three stable versions are
```

    shown by default in the documentation drop-down. For showing more versions,
    use the ``render-last`` variable in the `pyansys/actions/doc-deploy-stable
    action
    <https://actions.docs.pyansys.com/release/2.0/doc-actions/index.html#doc-deploy-stable-action>`_.

.. warning::

    After enabling multi-version documentation, only new releases will be
    automatically added to the ``versions.json`` file. **To show old releases,
    multi-version documentation needs to be enabled in old release branches.**

If you require support for migrating to the multi-version documentation, please
contact ``support@pyansys.com``.

Deploying documentation
-----------------------
PyAnsys libraries deploy their documentation online via `GitHub Actions`_ to
`GitHub Pages`_. This documentation is hosted on the `gh-pages`_ branch of the
repository of the project. Documentation deployment is done by uploading the
HTML documentation artifact to the `gh-pages`_ branch of the repository, see
`enabling GitHub pages`_.

> Add the following workflow job to deploy development and stable documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following workflow job to deploy both development and stable documentation
```
